Rescue and Recovery Version 4.3 for the Windows 7 Operating System for Individual Languages 

Installation Readme

Introduction
============
The ThinkVantage(R) Rescue and Recovery(R) program is an essential tool that enables
 users and administrators to restore backups, access files, diagnose problems, and make
 Ethernet connections when the Microsoft(R) Windows(R) operating system cannot start or run correctly. It also
enables administrators to deploy critical updates to systems that are corrupted or off the 
network. In addition, it can automatically apply patches to a system when a restore operation is performed.


The Rescue and Recovery program provides a workspace that runs independently
of the Windows operating system. Thus, the Rescue and Recovery workspace enables you to
perform rescue and recovery operations that might not be accomplished in the Windows operating system.

Supported systems
=================
- ThinkPad Reserve Edition
- ThinkPad Edge 13, E30, Edge 14, E40, Edge 15, E50
- ThinkPad G41, G50
- ThinkPad R50, R50e, R50p, R51, R51e, R52, R60, R60e, R61, R61e, R61i
- ThinkPad T43, T43p, T60, T60p, T61, T61p
- ThinkPad X32, X40, X41, X41 Tablet, X60, X60s, X60 Tablet, X61, X61s, X61 
    Tablet, X300, X301
- ThinkPad R400, R500
- ThinkPad SL300, SL400, SL400c, SL410, SL500, SL500c, SL510
- ThinkPad L410, L510
- ThinkPad T400, T400s, T410, T410s, T500, T510
- ThinkPad W500, W510, W700, W701
- ThinkPad X100e, X200, X200s, X200 Tablet, X201, X201s, X201t
- ThinkPad Z60m, Z60s, Z60t, Z61e, Z61m, Z61p, Z61t
- ThinkCentre A35, A50, A50p, A51, A51p, A52, A53, A55, A57, A57e, A58, A58e, 
    A60, A61, A61e, A62, A63, A70, A70z
- ThinkCentre E50, E51 
- ThinkCentre M50, M50e, M51, M51e, M52, M52e, M55, M55e, M55p, M57, M57e, 
    M57p, M58, M58e, M58p, M70e, M90, M90p, M90z
- ThinkCentre S50, S51 
- ThinkStation D10, D20, E20, S10, S20, C20, C20x

The Rescue and Recovery 4.3 program might also work with other systems that meet
the system requirements. However, no testing has been done with other systems
and no support is provided for using the Rescue and Recovery program installed on any 
system other than the listed supported systems listed above.

System requirements
===================
- Latest version of the BIOS
- 1.5 GB of free hard disk drive space (required for installation)
- 512 MB of memory (recommended)
- 8 MB of VRAM (Video Random Access Memory) shared memory set in the BIOS
- Microsoft Windows 7 operating system or its later versions 

Software requirements
==========================================
The Rescue and Recovery program version 4.3 works with the following software:

- Internet Explorer(R) Web browser version 5.5 or later
- Norton AntiVirus 2004
Note: If your computer is installed with Norton AntiVirus 2002 or 2003, you can upgrade the 
program to Norton AntiVirus 2004 for free at http://www.symantecstore.com/110005.

Major features
==============
Some features of the Rescue and Recovery program might vary, depending on the different 
version you have installed; however, its major features include the following:

- Create backup files to perform full and incremental hard disk drive recovery operations. 
 Backup files can be stored on your hard disk drive, on recordable CD or DVD media, on a  
 network drive, or on a USB device. 
- Restore individual files from a backup file. 
- Restore the hard disk drive to the factory default settings. This operation can be applied to
 certain NetVista(R), ThinkCentre, and ThinkPad computers. 
- Access the Internet to check e-mails and download files.
- Create a migration file to migrate your settings and data to a new computer.
- Protect the Rescue and Recovery workspace with a password or passphrase.
- Configure your computer to start from an alternate device, such as the backup
 CDs created by the Rescue and Recovery program.
- Optimize your backup storage space.

The Rescue and Recovery workspace is an operating environment specifically
designed for performing rescue and recovery operations that are independent of the Windows
operating system. 

New in this release
===================
- Universal Unique Identifier (UUID) works as the unique identifier of a backup so that various 
backups can be saved on a USB hard disk drive. UUID can be detected by using the ¡°rrcmd¡± command.
- USB memory keys are supported as the backup repository.
- The Create Rescue Media function can be started from the advanced interface of the Rescue and Recovery program. 
- Turn off your computer when a backup operation completes.
- The Lenovo's Enhanced Backup and Restore option is added to Control Panel as another way to launch the Rescue and Recovery program.

Access to the Rescue and Recovery workspace
===========================================
In the event of a complete hard disk drive failure, you can access the Rescue
and Recovery workspace by booting from the rescue media, 
such as a Rescue and Recovery CD or an external USB hard disk drive.
You can create rescue media in the advanced interface of the Rescue and Recovery program.

Depending on your computer model type, do one of the following to access the Rescue and Recovery workspace:

For ThinkCentre and NetVista computers
--------------------------------------
Note: The following procedure might not work on some earlier types of NetVista computers.
If this procedure does not work for your NetVista computer, follow the procedure for computers of other brands. 

1. Turn off your computer. 
2. Turn on your computer. 
3. When you hear beep sound or see the logo screen, press and release F11 or Enter. 
5. If you have set a Rescue and Recovery password, type your password when prompted. 
After a short delay, the Rescue and Recovery workspace is displayed. 

For ThinkPad computers
----------------------
Note: If your ThinkPad computer does not have a ThinkVantage button, 
or you cannot enter the Rescue and Recovery workspace using the ThinkVantage button, 
follow the procedure for computers of other brands. 

1. Turn off your computer.
2. Turn on your computer.
3. When you are prompted to press the ThinkVantage button, press and release the button.
4. If you have set a Rescue and Recovery password, type your password when
   prompted. After a short delay, the Rescue and Recovery workspace is displayed.

For computers of other brands
-----------------------------------------
1. Turn off your computer. 
2. Turn on your computer. 
3. When you are prompted to press F11, press and release F11. 
4. If you have set a Rescue and Recovery password, type your password when
   prompted. After a short delay, the Rescue and Recovery workspace is displayed. 

Downloading and installing the package
=======================
It is recommended that you uninstall any earlier versions of the Rescue and Recovery or Client 
Security Solution program before installing the Rescue and Recovery 4.3 program. Otherwise, 
follow the system prompts to complete the installation procedure.

Note: Read the following ¡°Considerations¡± part for obtaining important installation information.

To download and install the Rescue and Recovery 4.3 program, do the following:
1. Click the file link to download the program from the Web page.
2. When prompted, select a drive and directory to save the downloaded program.
3. Locate the downloaded program and double-click the tvtrnr43_1027xx.exe file. A message 
will be displayed, asking for your permission to continue the installation.
4. Click Continue and follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation.

Considerations in this release
============================== 
Consideration 1
----------------
Cannot launch the defragmentation program from the Rescue and Recovery installer in the 
Windows 7 (64-bit) operating system

When you install the Rescue and Recovery program on the Windows 7 (64-bit) operating system, 
a message is displayed, saying that you can launch the defragmentation program (Disk Defragmenter)
 to make the Rescue and Recovery program more efficient. After you click Analyze for defragmentation, 
the Disk Defragmenter program does not work.
 
To solve the problem, launch the Disk Defragmenter program by clicking 
Start -> All Programs (or Programs) -> Accessories -> System Tools -> Disk Defragmenter.

Consideration 2
----------------
The Rescue and Recovery program cannot be launched after the removal of the Client Security 
Solution program on systems upgraded from the Windows Vista operating system to the Windows 7 operating system.

After uninstalling the Client Security Solution program and then reinstalling it, an error message
 will be displayed when the Rescue and Recovery program is launched. If you upgrade the Windows Vista
 operating system with the Client Security Solution and Rescue and Recovery programs installed to the Windows 7 
operating system, reinstall the Rescue and Recovery program, and then reinstall the
 Client Security Solution program, the Rescue and Recovery program will be corrupted.

To resolve this issue, reinstall the Client Security Solution program, and then reinstall the 
Rescue and Recovery program.

Consideration 3
----------------
Backup operation fails if the free disk space is less than 300 MB.

While creating a backup, the Rescue and Recovery program will display a warning message,
 indicating that the backup operation is not complete. This is because the free disk space on
 the system is less than 300 MB.

Make sure the free disk space is larger than 300 MB before performing a backup operation.

Consideration 4
----------------
The backup location changes after you select a smaller partition through the advanced interface
 of the Rescue and Recovery program.

In the advanced interface of the Rescue and Recovery program, you select a partition with smaller
 capacity on your local hard disk drive as the backup location. Then, you switch to the simplified 
  interface to create the backup. However, the backup is created on the partition with the largest capacity.

To solve the problem, back up your system in the advanced interface of the Rescue and Recovery
 program after you select the backup location.

Consideration 5
----------------
It takes too much time to create a backup on a USB memory key

When you create a backup on a USB memory key, it takes much more time than creating a backup on 
a USB hard disk drive. This is because creating a backup on a USB memory key takes lots of input or output operations. 

To solve the problem, it is recommended to create the backup on a Lenovo(R) USB memory key or on a USB hard disk drive.

Consideration 6
----------------
An internal error occurs while you are creating rescue media on a non-Lenovo USB memory key

Starting from the Rescue and Recovery program version 4.3, the Create Rescue Media program supports
 USB memory keys. If the user tries to create rescue media on a non-Lenovo USB memory key, the Master 
Boot Record (MBR) data will not be formatted or cleaned. This is an internal error.

To solve the problem, fully format the USB memory key by doing the following:

1. Click Start -> Run. Type cmd in the field.
2. Type diskpart.
3. Type select disk N, where N is the disk number of the USB memory key.
4. Type clean.

Consideration 7
----------------
Unable to boot from a 64 GB USB memory key

When you create rescue media on a 64 GB USB memory key and then boot your computer from the memory
 key, an error message is displayed, saying, ¡°Error loading Operating System.¡±

To solve the problem, change the 64 GB USB memory key to one with less storage capacity. 

Consideration 8
----------------
No progress bar for a scheduled backup is displayed when the user launches the simplified interface of the
 Rescue and Recovery program
 
The progress bar is not displayed while the user takes a scheduled backup through the simplified interface 
of the Rescue and Recovery program. The progress bar will only be displayed when the user launches the
 advanced interface, and it will not work for the simplified interface.

Consideration 9
---------------   
Cannot enter Pre-desktop Area (PDA) after enabling BitLocker
 
After the user enables BitLocker and encrypts hard disk drives, the user cannot enter the Rescue and 
Recovery workspace and the system reports an error saying Boot Manager is missing. 

The user performs a clean installation of the Windows 7 operating system or an upgrade to the Windows 
7 operating system from the Lenovo preloaded Windows XP or Windows Vista operating system. 
After installing the Rescue and Recovery program and enabling BitLocker to encrypt hard disk drives,
 the user cannot enter the local PDA anymore. The action of enabling BitLocker will remove the Rescue 
and Recovery Boot Configuration Data (BCD) entry. 

Solution: To solve the problem, reinstall the Rescue and Recovery program after enabling BitLocker.

Consideration 10
----------------
Insufficient disk space during the full restore process

The user shrinks the system partition to less than 1 GB of free disk space, creates a base backup, and 
restores from it. During the restore process, the Rescue and Recovery program will display an error
 message, saying, ¡°Insufficient disk space on drive.¡± 

The Rescue and Recovery program is trying to restore every file to the system partition, but the 
shrank system partition does not have enough disk space to accommodate all files from the backup.
 The real total size of all files to be located on the system partition is larger than the space on that partition.
  
Make sure that there is at least 1 GB of free space on the system partition before performing a restore operation.

Consideration 11
----------------
Cannot enter local Pre-desktop Area (PDA) while attaching a second hard disk drive that contains an operating system

If the user installs the Rescue and Recovery program on the local system, attaches a second hard
 disk drive that contains an operating system, and press F11 or the ThinkVantage button, the user
 cannot enter the local PDA. This is because Boot Manager does not know from which drive it should boot the PDA.
  
To solve the problem, detach the second hard disk drive and then restart the computer.

Consideration 12
----------------
Computer reboots the Pre-desktop Area (PDA) while performing a rejuvenate operation if an ac power adapter is not connected

If your computer is not connected to an ac power adapter, when you use the rejuvenate function of the
 Rescue and Recovery program, an error message will be displayed, saying, ¡°The scheduled backup could 
not be taken because the mobile system is not connected to AC power.¡± After you click OK, the computer will reboot the PDA.
 
To solve the problem, connect the computer to an ac power adapter and perform the rejuvenate operation again.

Consideration 13
----------------
Cannot enter PDA after restoring from a Windows backup

On a preloaded Windows 7 operating system, when you use the Windows Backup and Restore function to
 create a system image on external media, such as a USB hard disk drive, and then restore the system from
 the created image, the system cannot enter the Pre-desktop Area (PDA) when you press either F11 or the ThinkVantage button.
 
To solve the problem, reinstall the Rescue and Recovery program.

Considerations in primary release
==============
To view the Hints & Tips associated with the Rescue and Recovery program, do the following: 
1.	Click Hints & Tips on the Web page. 
2.	From the Brand drop-down list, select ThinkVantage Technologies.
3.	From the Family drop-down list, select Rescue and Recovery.
4.	Click Continue.

The following are considerations associated with the Rescue and
Recovery workspace:

Consideration 1
---------------
Wireless or dial-up connections are not supported in the Rescue and Recovery workspace. Only wired Ethernet connection is supported.

Consideration 2
---------------
All pointing devices will be used as two-button devices in the
Rescue and Recovery workspace. For example, the third
button (not the left or right mouse button) of a three-button mouse is not supported in the Rescue and
 Recovery workspace, and the scrolling function of a ScrollPoint(R) mouse is not supported.

Consideration 3
---------------
Depending on the different types of the graphics cards installed on your computer, there might be
a series of flashes when you enter the Rescue and Recovery workspace.
.

Consideration 4
---------------
The browser used in the Rescue and Recovery workspace has been
modified to provide enhanced security. Therefore, some functions of the browser have been disabled.

Consideration 5
---------------
If you are starting your computer using the Rescue and Recovery CD, the
CD must remain in the drive in order to perform the rescue and recovery
operations.

Consideration 6
---------------
If there is a USB memory key attached to the computer at the time when you install the Windows 2000
 operating system, a TXTSETUP.SIF file will be displayed under the directory of C:\. However, you cannot
 enter the Rescue and Recovery workspace using the TXTSETUP.SIF file under the directory of C:\.

To prevent this problem, detach the USB memory key before installing the Windows 2000 operating system,
 or delete or rename the TXTSETUP.SIF file under the directory of C:\ before entering the Rescue and Recovery workspace.

Consideration 7
---------------
The Rescue and Recovery program only supports Norton AntiVirus 2004 or later versions. 
If you have a computer with Norton AntiVirus 2002 or 2003, you can go to the Web site at 
http://www.symantecstore.com/110005 to upgrade the program for free.

Consideration 8
---------------
Rapid Restore(R) Ultra 3.0 and its earlier versions are not compatible with
the Rescue and Recovery program. If you install the Rescue and
Recovery program on a computer with Rapid Restore Ultra 3.0 or an earlier version installed,
  during the installation, the Rescue and Recovery program will prompt you to
uninstall Rapid Restore Ultra and all the backups created by Rapid Restore Ultra.


Consideration 9
---------------
The VRAM (Video Random Access Memory) that came with your computer might have a default
 capacity that is less than 8 MB. Having a VRAM smaller than 8 MB might adversely affect the
 performance of the Rescue and Recovery program. For computers using shared memory,
 the VRAM must be set at 8 MB. You can adjust the VRAM capacity in your system BIOS.

Consideration 10
---------------
You can use a USB memory key to rescue files in the Rescue and Recovery workspace. However, you cannot boot from a USB memory key.

Consideration 11
----------------
The Rescue and Recovery workspace does not support booting from a
DVD-RAM disc. As a result, do not create rescue media, Product
Recovery CDs, and backups DVD-RAM media, or archive backups to DVD-RAM media. Other DVD formats are supported.

Consideration 12
----------------
Computers that have a hidden protected area (HPA), also referred
to as PARTIES, and that have the Rescue and Recovery program installed
will not be able to boot into either the PARTIES or the Rescue and
Recovery workspace after recovering the original factory contents.
To enable the PARTIES again, restore a backup by using the
Rescue and Recovery program in the Windows environment or by booting
from rescue media and then uninstalling the Rescue and Recovery program.

Consideration 13
----------------
Close all the applications before attempting to perform a restore operation from the 
Rescue and Recovery workspace. Failure to do so might result in 
performance problems.

Consideration 14
----------------
When restoring the operating system and applications from a Rescue 
and Recovery backup, you might need to reinstall the applications that 
were installed after the creation of the selected backup.

Consideration 15
----------------
If you restore the factory default settings with the Rescue 
and Recovery 1.0 program installed, then you need to reinstall the Rescue and Recovery 2.0 
program after the restore operation completes. After reinstalling this program,
 perform a backup operation. It is a good idea to dispose of old rescue media and to create new rescue media 
after the Rescue and Recovery 2.0 program is reinstalled.

Consideration 16
----------------
For security purposes, do not back up your system to a shared
network drive if you log on to the computer with administrative
privileges. Otherwise, you will no longer
have read or write access to the shared network drive. To delete any backups
from the shared network drive, you will need to either provide write
access to the computer after performing the backup operation or log
in as another user without administrative privileges.

Consideration 17
----------------
Starting from a diskette typically takes more time than starting from
other types of media. After you start from the Recovery Repair Diskette,
a menu is displayed before all the information on the diskette
is loaded. Do not make any selection from the menu until the diskette LED is off to indicate that
 all the diskette activities finish. Failure to do so might result in making incorrect selections from the menu.

Consideration 18
----------------
When you attempt to make a USB hard disk drive bootable with the Rescue and 
Recovery program, an error message might be displayed, indicating that it failed to copy a log 
file. The Rescue and Recovery program will try to copy the file for up to five times. This is an intermittent problem.

Consideration 19
----------------
When the Rescue and Recovery program is installed, a message is displayed, reminding 
users to clean up the service partition. This is an informational message.

Consideration 20
----------------
When attempting to create a backup on an external USB hard disk drive, an error message
 is displayed, saying, ¡°The backup to USB failed because the USB drive could not be found.¡± 

To solve this problem, you need to detach the USB hard disk drive, and then reinstall it. Then the USB hard disk drive will become E: drive.

Consideration 21
----------------
Files on excluded partitions cannot be saved on an external device when you are performing 
a full restore operation from the Rescue and Recovery workspace. 

To avoid this problem, do not exclude partitions containing important data that you might want to
recover later. To solve this problem, start the Windows operating system and copy the
necessary files to an external device before initiating the restore operation.

Consideration 22
----------------
If a user enters the Rescue and Recovery workspace and then reboots to the 
Windows environment and uninstalls the Ultimaco Safeguard Easy program, the computer will 
only boot to the Rescue and Recover workspace upon subsequent reboots.

To avoid this problem, cold boot the computer to the Windows environment before uninstalling
the Utimaco Safeguard Easy program. 

To recover from this problem, do one of the following:
-Download the recovery image or file from the Lenovo Web site at http://www.lenovo.com/support.
 Create recovery media with the image or file. Then, run the recovery media.
 This will set the first partition on the drive as active so that the computer can boot to it.
-Use a partitioning tool, such as Partition Magic, to set the first partition on the drive as active so that the computer can boot to it.

Consideration 23
----------------
When a limited user attempt to restore individual files from a network backup in the Windows environment,
 the file list cannot be displayed.

To solve this problem, use the Restore Individual Files feature in the Rescue and Recovery workspace
 to view the file list when attempting to restore individual files from a network backup.

Consideration 24
----------------
When the system boots to the Rescue and Recovery workspace from a PXE (Preboot eXecution Environment)
 server such as Windows Server(R) 2003 through the Remote Installation Service (RIS), the operating system
 will load and then hang indefinitely. The operation of loading the device driver while the system is booting to
 the Rescue and Recovery workspace conflicts with the operation of loading the operating system from the network.
 This might cause an operating system crash.

To eliminate the hang during a PXE boot, delete the following files from the PXE image:
        \preboot\swwork\ntwktpfd.tbi 
        \preboot\swwork\ntwktpfe.tbi

Consideration 25
----------------
When you attempt to deploy a manifest file from a diskette while running the 
Custom Factory Recovery program in administrator mode, the Open File interface 
might not display the contents of the diskette because the Rescue and 
Recovery workspace has limited diskette support. Most diskettes should 
function properly, but only certain Lenovo and Sony diskettes are officially supported.

Use a supported device to deploy the manifest file when running the Custom Factory Recovery program.

Consideration 26
----------------
When you create a backup to a second hard disk drive that is attached to a SATA UltraBay
adapter using the Rescue and Recovery program, the function of making the second hard disk drive
 bootable does not work. However, currently, this function is not supported by the Rescue and Recovery program.

To recover from this error, do one of the following:

- Create a different rescue medium such as CD, DVD, USB hard disk drive, or
  non-SATA second hard disk drive (such as PATA or IDE).
-	Run the Microsoft diskpart utility to clean up the hard disk drive. 
-	Make the second hard disk drive that is attached to a SATA UltraBay adapter bootable using the rescue media.

Consideration 27
----------------
After deleting the base backup, merge failures might occur.

To reproduce this problem, do the following:

  1. Create a base backup to a USB hard disk drive.
  2. Create a few incremental backups to both USB and local hard disk drives.
  3. Delete the base backup using the Windows interface.

This operation fails while levels 0 and 1 are being merged.

If this occurs, delete all backups and create a new base backup.

Consideration 28
----------------
If you use the Rescue and Recovery program on a Dell 380 computer to create rescue media,
 and then you boot from a USB hard disk drive with the rescue media, this operation will result in
 a system crash. The Dell 380 computer uses a down-level hardware revision of the IASTOR SATA
controller. A patch is required for the Rescue and Recovery workspace to boot from a hard disk 
drive, CD, or DVD. However, this patch does not enable the Dell 380 computer to boot from a USB hard disk drive.

To avoid this problem, create a bootable CD or DVD using the ThinkVantage Create
Recovery Media program. Use this bootable CD or DVD as the rescue medium 
instead of using a USB hard disk drive.

Consideration 29
----------------
After reinstalling the Rescue and Recovery program, backup files stored on an external 
device are not displayed in the backup list when you click View all backups. 

This occurs after you save backup files to an external device, and then uninstall
and reinstall the Rescue and Recovery 4.0 program. After reinstalling the
program, the backups on the external device are no longer displayed in the View
all backups interface. The backup files on the external device are still
intact, and you can restore your system from these backups. When you follow the
restore path, the desired backup files are displayed even though the files were
not displayed in the View all backups interface.

Consideration 30
----------------
Installing the Rescue and Recovery program version 4.0 on a system deployed with an
ImageUltra Builder 3.0 service partition causes the ImageUltra recovery process to
fail. The ImageUltra link on the pre-desktop menu in the service partition is
missing after the Rescue and Recovery program version 4.0 is installed. Thus, the user
cannot start the ImageUltra recovery process. Installing this program also
disables the Restore Factory Contents feature.

To reproduce this problem, do the following:

1.  Deploy a system with ImageUltra Buider 3.0 that leaves a service partition on the
   computer.
2. After the system has completed the ImageUltra installation, install the
   Rescue and Recovery program version 4.0.
3. After the Rescue and Recovery program version 4.0 installation is complete, reboot into the
   service partition by pressing F11 during startup. 

The ImageUltra link will be missing from the pre-desktop menu, and the user cannot start the ImageUltra recovery process.

To resolve this issue after installing the Rescue and Recovery program version 4.0,
create the following TAG file in the Service Partition: 
X:\RECOVERY\IUB\IUB.TAG

For information about how to create a TAG file, refer to the ThinkVantage Technologies
 deployment guides on the Lenovo Support Web site at http://www.lenovo.com/support.

Consideration 31
----------------
When a limited user launches the Rescue and Recovery program and changes the
settings under the section of Set schedule and preferences, the changes could not
 be saved when the user clicks OK or Apply. This problem occurs in certain language
 environments because the Users group name is translated and therefore cannot be found. This prevents the
Users group from obtaining the correct permissions to change these settings.

An Administrative user can change the permissions on the key 
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Lenovo\Rescue and Recovery\Settings to give 
the Users group (or the equivalent translated group) Set Value and Create Subkey access.

Consideration 32
---------------
After performing a restore operation, you cannot launch the ThinkVantage System Migration Assistant program.

After you perform a restore operation using a backup that does not contain System Migration
 Assistant, you cannot launch System Migration Assistant even if you have saved all the data that
 were created or modified after the creation of the backup, or even if you have installed System Migration Assistant after the creation of the backup.

To solve this problem, do one of the following:
- Reinstall System Migration Assistant.
- Restore from a backup that contains System Migration Assistant.

Affected Software versions:
Rescue and Recovery program version 2.0 and later

Consideration 33
---------------
Select Do not persist the password when restoring a backup
to a new computer.

When restoring a backup to a new computer, both password persistence
options are available for selection and one must be selected before
the Next button activates. However, when restoring a backup to a new
computer, the local hard disk drive should be empty and the Rescue and
Recovery program should not ask for password persistency.

When prompted, select Do not persist password and click Next.

Note: Either option should work as no password persistence is selected, since there is no password to persist in the hard disk drive.

Trademarks
==========
The following terms are trademarks of Lenovo in the United States, other countries,
or both:

Lenovo
NetVista
Rapid Restore
Rescue and Recovery
ScrollPoint
ThinkCentre
ThinkPad
ThinkVantage

Microsoft, Internet Explorer, Windows, and Windows Server are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.

Other company, product, and service names may be trademarks or service marks of others.

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
LENOVO DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE
INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT. BY FURNISHING THIS DOCUMENT, LENOVO
GRANTS NO LICENSES TO ANY PATENTS OR COPYRIGHTS.

(C) Copyright Lenovo 2010.
